Mention .no-gutters removal in migration guide (#33332)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/migration.md

- The responsive gutter classes can be used to control the gutter width in horizontal, vertical or both directions.
- The gutter width is now set in `rem` and decreased from `30px` to `1.5rem` (24px).
- `bootstrap-grid.css` now only applies `box-sizing: border-box` to the column instead of resetting the global box-sizing. This way the grid system can be used, even if `box-sizing: border-box` is not applied to each element.

> - Removed `.no-gutters` in favor of gutter utility classes. Use `.g-0` instead.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the gutter docs?

```suggestion
- Removed `.no-gutters` in favor of new gutter spacing classes. Use `.g-0` instead. [Read the gutter docs for more details.]({{< docsref "/layout/gutters" >}})
```
